Deprecate middleware listener (#51)
laminas/laminas-mvc: docs/book/middleware.md

parallel microframework targeting PSR-7 with [Mezzio](https://docs.mezzio.dev/mezzio).
What if you want to dispatch PSR-7 middleware from laminas-mvc?

laminas-mvc currently uses [laminas-http](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-http/)
for its HTTP transport layer, and the objects it defines are not compatible with
PSR-7, meaning the basic MVC layer does not and cannot make use of PSR-7
currently.

> Package [laminas-mvc-middleware][laminas-mvc-middleware] is a laminas-mvc
> application module that enables dispatching of middleware, middleware pipes and
> request handlers for the route matches that contain a `middleware` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package [laminas-mvc-middleware][laminas-mvc-middleware] is a laminas-mvc
application module that enables dispatching of middleware, middleware pipes, and
request handlers for route matches that contain a `middleware` parameter.
```

## Built-in Optional Support Deprecation

> Starting with version 2.7.0, laminas-mvc offered now deprecated
> `Laminas\Mvc\MiddlewareListener`. MiddlewareListener is always enabled but
> requires optional dependencies installed to be used.  
> Module [laminas-mvc-middleware][laminas-mvc-middleware] transparently replaces
> it with `Laminas\Mvc\Middleware\MiddlewareListener` when registered with the
> laminas-mvc application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With version 2.7.0, laminas-mvc began offering the now deprecated
`Laminas\Mvc\MiddlewareListener`. The `MiddlewareListener` is always enabled, but
requires optional dependencies installed to be used.  
A new laminas-mvc module, [laminas-mvc-middleware][laminas-mvc-middleware], transparently replaces
it with `Laminas\Mvc\Middleware\MiddlewareListener` when registered with a
laminas-mvc application.
```

> Starting with version 3.2.0, built-in `Laminas\Mvc\MiddlewareListener` will
> trigger deprecation level errors on an attempt to handle a route match with
> `middleware` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 3.2.0, the built-in `Laminas\Mvc\MiddlewareListener` will
trigger deprecation level errors on any attempt to handle a route match containing
a `middleware` parameter.
```

> If your application currently depends on the built-in optional middleware
> support, `laminas/laminas-mvc-middleware:~1.0.0` provides a drop-in replacement.
> Note that module `Laminas\Mvc\Middleware` must be enabled in the laminas-mvc
> application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application currently depends on the built-in optional middleware
support, `laminas/laminas-mvc-middleware:~1.0.0` provides a drop-in replacement.
If you use this new module, please note that the module `Laminas\Mvc\Middleware`
must be enabled in your laminas-mvc application.
```

to convert the laminas-http request and response objects into PSR-7 instances, and
then invokes the middleware.

## Deprecation

Starting with version 3.2.0 `Laminas\Mvc\MiddlewareListener` is deprecated.
Middleware support is now available via

> [laminas-mvc-middleware](https://github.com/laminas/laminas-mvc-middleware)

Author: This should probably link to the docs page

package, which acts as a drop-in replacement at `^1.0` or provides a PSR-15
Middleware compatibility starting with `^2.0`.

`laminas-mvc-middleware` is an MVC module that needs to be registered with

> laminas-mvc application to function.

Reviewer 2: We can added a page with instructions for installations in the documentation of laminas-mvc-middleware which covers the module registration.

An example can be found in the documentation of laminas-i18n:

* Page in docs: https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-i18n/installation/
* Configuration: https://github.com/laminas/laminas-i18n/blob/327fdc2d07572e273f8122f46b52c7475a730826/mkdocs.yml#L48-L52

The link can then be added here.
